1.1 Patients with Generalized Lipodystrophy 
MYALEPT (metreleptin) for injection is indicated as an adjunct to diet as replacement therapy to treat the complications 
of leptin deficiency in patients with congenital or acquired generalized lipodystrophy. 
Limitations of Use 
• The safety and effectiveness of MYALEPT for the treatment of complications of partial lipodystrophy have not been 
established. 
• The safety and effectiveness of MYALEPT for the treatment of liver disease, including nonalcoholic steatohepatitis 
(NASH), have not been established. 
• MYALEPT is not indicated for use in patients with HIV-related lipodystrophy. 
• MYALEPT is not indicated for use in patients with metabolic disease, including diabetes mellitus and 
hypertriglyceridemia, without concurrent evidence of congenital or acquired generalized lipodystrophy. 
2 DOSAGE AND ADMINISTRATION 
2.1 Recommended Dosing 
See Table 1 for the recommended daily dose and maximum recommended daily dose in adults and pediatric patients. 
Based on clinical response (e.g., inadequate metabolic control) or other considerations (e.g., tolerability issues, excessive 
weight loss [especially in pediatric patients]), MYALEPT dosage may be decreased or increased to the maximum dosage 
listed in Table 1.   
Table 1:  MYALEPT Recommended Dosage 
Baseline weight Starting daily dose  
(injection volume) 
Dose adjustments 
(injection volume) 
Maximum daily dose 
(injection volume) 
Less than or equal to 40 kg 
(males and females)  
0.06 mg/kg 
(0.012 mL/kg) 
0.02 mg/kg 
(0.004 mL/kg) 
0.13 mg/kg 
(0.026 mL/kg) 
Baseline weight Starting daily dose  
(injection volume) 
Dose adjustments 
(injection volume) 
Maximum daily dose 
(injection volume) 
Males greater than 40 kg 2.5 mg 
(0.5 mL) 
1.25 mg (0.25 mL) to 
2.5 mg (0.5 mL) 
10 mg 
(2 mL) 
Females greater than 40 kg 5 mg  
(1 mL) 
1.25 mg (0.25 mL) to 
2.5 mg (0.5 mL) 
10 mg 
(2 mL) 
 
In pediatric patients, small volumes for administration can result in medication errors when measured incorrectly [see 
Dosage and Administration (2.3), Adverse Reactions (6.3)].  Table 2 provides example doses and volumes by weight.  For 
patients using insulin syringes, the volume conversion is 100 Units/mL. 
 
Table 2:  Example Dosing Chart for Patients Less than or Equal to 40 kg 
Weight Starting Dose Dose Adjustment Maximum Dose 
5 kg 0.30 mg (0.06 mL or 6 Units) 0.10 mg (0.02 mL or 2 Units) 0.65 mg (0.13 mL or 13 Units) 
10 kg 0.60 mg (0.12 mL or 12 Units) 0.20 mg (0.04 mL or 4 Units) 1.3 mg (0.26 mL or 26 Units) 
15 kg 0.90 mg (0.18 mL or 18 Units) 0.30 mg (0.06 mL or 6 Units) 1.95 mg (0.39 mL or 39 Units) 
20 kg 1.2 mg (0.24 mL or 24 Units) 0.40 mg (0.08 mL or 8 Units) 2.6 mg (0.52 mL or 52 Units) 
25 kg  1.5 mg (0.3 mL or 30 Units) 0.50 mg (0.1 mL or 10 Units) 3.25 mg (0.65 mL or 65 Units) 
30 kg 1.8 mg (0.36 mL or 36 Units) 0.60 mg (0.12 mL or 12 Units) 3.9 mg (0.78 mL or 78 Units) 
35 kg 2.1 mg (0.42 mL or 42 Units) 0.70 mg (0.14 mL or 14 Units) 4.55 mg (0.91 mL or 91 Units) 
40 kg 2.4 mg (0.48 mL or 48 Units) 0.80 mg (0.16 mL or 16 Units) 5.2 mg (1.03 mL or 103 Units) 
 
MYALEPT should be administered once daily at the same time every day. MYALEPT can be administered any time of 
day without regard to the timing of meals. 
Instruct patients that if a dose is missed, administer the dose as soon as noticed, and resume the normal dosing schedule 
the next day.  
2.2 MYALEPT Preparation and Storage 
Healthcare practitioners should provide proper training to patients and caregivers regarding how to prepare and administer 
the correct dose of MYALEPT prior to self-use. The patients and caregivers should prepare and administer the first dose 
of MYALEPT under the supervision of a qualified healthcare professional. 
Instruct patients to store the vials of lyophilized powder in their carton in the refrigerator as soon as received [see How 
Supplied/Storage and Handling (16.2)]. 
MYALEPT can be reconstituted aseptically with 2.2 mL of sterile Bacteriostatic Water for Injection (BWFI), USP (0.9% 
benzyl alcohol), or with 2.2 mL of sterile Water for Injection (WFI). 
When reconstituted in BWFI, MYALEPT solution can be used within 3 days when stored in the refrigerator between 36°F 
and 46°F (2°C and 8°C) and protected from light [see How Supplied/Storage and Handling (16.2)]. Discard unused 
reconstituted solution after 3 days. Attach the supplied sticker to the vial and enter the discard date. 
For use in neonates and infants, reconstitute with preservative-free sterile WFI [see Warnings and Precautions (5.7) and 
Use in Specific Populations (8.4)]. When reconstituted in sterile WFI, MYALEPT should be administered immediately. 
Unused reconstituted solution cannot be saved for later use and should be discarded. 
Reconstitution of the Lyophilized Powder 
Instruct patients to follow the directions below for reconstitution of the lyophilized powder: 
a) 
Remove the vial containing the MYALEPT lyophilized powder from the refrigerator and allow the vial to warm to 
room temperature prior to use. 
b) Visually inspect the vial containing MYALEPT. The cake of lyophilized powder should be intact and white in color. 
c) 
Using a 3-mL syringe with a 22-gauge or smaller diameter needle withdraw 2.2 mL of sterile Bacteriostatic Water for 
Injection (BWFI) or preservative-free sterile Water for Injection (WFI). Do not reconstitute MYALEPT with other 
diluents. 
d) Inject the BWFI or WFI into the vial containing the lyophilized powder of MYALEPT, slowly injecting down the 
side of the vial. It is normal for some bubbles to form. 
e) 
f) 
Remove the needle and syringe from the vial and gently swirl the contents to reconstitute. Do not shake or 
vigorously agitate. When properly mixed, the MYALEPT reconstituted solution should be clear and free of clumps 
or dry powder, bubbles or foam. Do not use the solution if discolored or cloudy, or if particulate matter remains. 
Regarding the compatibility of MYALEPT reconstituted solution with other solutions:  
• Do not mix with, or transfer into, the contents of another vial of MYALEPT. 
• Do not add other medications, including insulin. Use a separate syringe for insulin injections. 
See the MYALEPT Instructions for Use for complete administration instructions. The instructions can also be found 
at www.myalept.com. 
2.3 
Administration Instructions 
Healthcare practitioners should instruct patients and caregivers on the proper subcutaneous injection technique with care 
to avoid intramuscular injection in patients with minimal subcutaneous adipose tissue. Never administer MYALEPT 
intravenously or intramuscularly.  
Instruct patients to follow the recommended injection technique: 
a) 
Using a 1-mL or smaller syringe with a needle appropriate for subcutaneous injection, withdraw the prescribed dose 
of MYALEPT reconstituted solution.   
b) Remove any large air pockets or large bubbles from the filled syringe prior to administration. Some small bubbles 
may remain in the syringe. 
c) 
Administer MYALEPT into the subcutaneous tissue of the abdomen, thigh or upper arm. Advise patients to use a 
different injection site each day when injecting in the same region. After choosing an injection site, pinch the skin 
and at a 45-degree angle, inject the MYALEPT reconstituted solution subcutaneously. Avoid intramuscular injection, 
especially in patients with minimal subcutaneous adipose tissue.  
d) Doses exceeding 1 mL can be administered as two injections (the total daily dose divided equally) to minimize 
potential injection-site discomfort due to injection volume. When dividing doses due to volume, doses can be 
administered one after the other.  
e) 
In pediatric patients, small volumes for administration can result in medication errors when measured incorrectly.  
Smaller syringe sizes may be more appropriate for pediatric patients weighing less than or equal to 25 kg. Ensure the 
proper size syringe is selected.  Table 2 provides example doses and volumes by weight [see Dosage and 
Administration (2.1), Adverse Reactions (6.3)]. 
Do not mix MYALEPT with insulin. Use a separate syringe for each medication. If MYALEPT and insulin are 
administered at the same time of day, they may be injected in the same body area using two different injection sites. 
See the MYALEPT Instructions for Use for complete administration instructions. The instructions can also be found 
at www.myalept.com. 
2.4 
Dosage Adjustments of Medications Known to Cause Hypoglycemia 
Dosage adjustments, including possible large reductions, of insulin or insulin secretagogue (e.g., sulfonylurea) may be 
necessary in some patients to minimize the risk of hypoglycemia [see Warnings and Precautions (5.4) and Adverse 
Reactions (6.1)]. Closely monitor blood glucose in patients on concomitant insulin therapy, especially those on high 
doses, or insulin secretagogue (e.g., sulfonylurea) when treating with MYALEPT.  
2.5 
Discontinuation in Patients at Risk for Pancreatitis 
When discontinuing MYALEPT therapy in patients with risk factors for pancreatitis (e.g., history of pancreatitis, severe 
hypertriglyceridemia), tapering of the dose over a one-week period is recommended. During tapering, monitor triglyceride 
levels and consider initiating or adjusting the dose of lipid-lowering medications as needed. Signs and/or symptoms 
consistent with pancreatitis should prompt an appropriate clinical evaluation.  
3 
DOSAGE FORMS AND STRENGTHS 
For Injection: 11.3 mg of metreleptin supplied in a vial as a sterile, white, solid, lyophilized cake (delivers 5 mg per mL of 
metreleptin when reconstituted with 2.2 mL of BWFI or WFI). 
4 
4.1 
CONTRAINDICATIONS 
General Obesity 
MYALEPT is contraindicated in patients with general obesity not associated with congenital leptin deficiency. 
MYALEPT has not been shown to be effective in treating general obesity, and the development of anti-metreleptin 
antibodies with neutralizing activity has been reported in obese patients treated with MYALEPT [see Warnings and 
Precautions (5.1)]. 
4.2 
Hypersensitivity 
MYALEPT is contraindicated in patients with prior severe hypersensitivity reactions to metreleptin or to any of the 
product components. Known hypersensitivity reactions have included anaphylaxis, urticaria and generalized rash [see 
Warnings and Precautions (5.6)]. 
5 
5.1 
WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS 
Risk for Development of Antibodies that Neutralize Endogenous Leptin and/or MYALEPT 
Anti-metreleptin antibodies with in vitro neutralizing activity to leptin associated with adverse events consistent with loss 
of endogenous leptin activity and/or loss of efficacy have been identified in two patients with generalized lipodystrophy 
treated with MYALEPT (severe infections, increases in HbA1c and triglycerides), and in three patients without 
lipodystrophy who received MYALEPT in clinical studies (excessive weight gain, development of glucose intolerance or 
diabetes mellitus). The clinical implications associated with development of anti-metreleptin antibodies with neutralizing 
activity are not well characterized at this time due to the small number of reports. Test for anti-metreleptin antibodies with 
neutralizing activity in patients who develop severe infections or show signs suspicious for loss of MYALEPT efficacy 
during treatment. Contact Chiesi Farmaceutici S.p.A. at 1-866-216-1526 for neutralizing antibody testing of clinical 
samples [see Adverse Reactions (6.2)]. 
5.2 
Lymphoma 
Three cases of T-cell lymphoma have been reported in the MYALEPT lipodystrophy program; all three patients had 
acquired generalized lipodystrophy. Two of these patients were diagnosed with peripheral T-cell lymphoma while 
receiving MYALEPT. Both had immunodeficiency and significant hematologic abnormalities including severe bone 
marrow abnormalities before the start of MYALEPT treatment. A separate case of anaplastic large cell lymphoma was 
reported in a patient receiving MYALEPT who did not have hematological abnormalities before treatment. 
Lymphoproliferative disorders, including lymphomas, have been reported in patients with acquired generalized 
lipodystrophy not treated with MYALEPT. A causal relationship between MYALEPT treatment and the development 
and/or progression of lymphoma has not been established. Acquired lipodystrophies are associated with autoimmune 
disorders, and autoimmune disorders are associated with an increased risk of malignancies including lymphomas. 
The benefits and risks of MYALEPT treatment should be carefully considered in patients with acquired generalized 
lipodystrophy and/or those with significant hematologic abnormalities (including leukopenia, neutropenia, bone marrow 
abnormalities, lymphoma, and/or lymphadenopathy). 
5.3 
MYALEPT REMS Program 
MYALEPT is available only through a restricted distribution program under a REMS, called the MYALEPT REMS 
Program, because of the risks associated with the development of anti-metreleptin antibodies that neutralize endogenous 
leptin and/or MYALEPT and the risk for lymphoma [see Warnings and Precautions (5.1, 5.2)]. 
Notable requirements of the MYALEPT REMS Program include the following: 
• Prescribers must be certified with the program by enrolling and completing training. 
• Pharmacies must be certified with the program and only dispense MYALEPT after receipt of the MYALEPT REMS 
Prescription Authorization Form for each new prescription. 
Further information is available at www.myaleptrems.com or 1-855-669-2537. 
5.4 
Hypoglycemia with Concomitant Use with Insulin and Insulin Secretagogues 
Dosage adjustments, including possible large reductions, of insulin or insulin secretagogue (e.g., sulfonylurea) may be 
necessary in some patients to minimize the risk of hypoglycemia [see Dosage and Administration (2.4) and Adverse 
Reactions (6.1)]. Closely monitor blood glucose in patients on concomitant insulin therapy, especially those on high 
doses, or insulin secretagogue (e.g., sulfonylurea), when treating with MYALEPT. 
5.5 
Autoimmunity 
Leptin plays a role in immune system homeostasis. Acquired lipodystrophies are associated with autoimmune disorders 
including autoimmune hepatitis and membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis. Cases of progression of autoimmune 
hepatitis and membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis (associated with massive proteinuria and renal failure) were 
observed in some patients with acquired generalized lipodystrophy treated with MYALEPT. A causal relationship 
between MYALEPT treatment and the development and/or progression of autoimmune disease has not been established. 
The potential benefits and risks of MYALEPT treatment should be carefully considered in patients with autoimmune 
disease.  
5.6 
Hypersensitivity 
There have been reports of generalized hypersensitivity (e.g., anaphylaxis, urticaria or generalized rash) in patients taking 
MYALEPT. If a hypersensitivity reaction occurs, instruct the patient to promptly seek medical advice regarding 
discontinuation of MYALEPT. 
5.7 
Benzyl Alcohol Toxicity 
MYALEPT contains benzyl alcohol when reconstituted with BWFI. MYALEPT contains no preservative when 
reconstituted with sterile Water for Injection (WFI). Preservative-free WFI is recommended for use in neonates and 
infants. The preservative benzyl alcohol has been associated with serious adverse events and death in pediatric patients, 
particularly in neonates and premature infants [see Use in Specific Populations (8.4)].  
6 
6.1 
ADVERSE REACTIONS 
Clinical Trials Experience 
Because clinical trials are conducted under widely varying conditions, adverse reaction rates observed in the clinical trials 
of a drug cannot be directly compared to rates in the clinical trials of another drug and may not reflect the rates observed 
in practice. 
Open-Label, Single-Arm Study 
The safety of MYALEPT was evaluated in 48 patients with generalized lipodystrophy in a single-arm, open-label study 
[see Clinical Studies (14.1)]. The median duration of exposure in this trial was 2.7 years with a range of 3.6 months to 
10.9 years. The most frequent adverse reactions are summarized in Table 3. 
Table 3:  Adverse Reactions of 5% or Greater Incidence in Patients with Generalized Lipodystrophy 
Receiving MYALEPT in an Open-Label, Single-Arm Study 
All Subjects 
N=48 (%) 
Headache 
Hypoglycemia1 
6 (13) 
6 (13) 
Decreased weight 
Abdominal pain 
6 (13) 
5 (10) 
Arthralgia 
Dizziness 
4 (8) 
4 (8) 
Ear infection 
Fatigue 
4 (8) 
4 (8) 
Nausea 
Ovarian cyst 
4 (8) 
4 (8) 
Upper respiratory tract infection 
Anemia 
4 (8) 
3 (6) 
Back pain 
Diarrhea 
3 (6) 
3 (6) 
Paresthesia 
Proteinuria 
3 (6) 
3 (6) 
Pyrexia 
3 (6) 
1.
 Hypoglycemic events were assessed as mild, moderate, severe, or life threatening based on the protocol specified definitions: 
Mild: Documentation of low plasma glucose values with no symptoms; Moderate: Presence of clinical symptoms requiring 
ingestion of glucose, self-alleviated; Severe: Presence of neuroglycopenic symptoms requiring assistance from others for 
alleviation; Life threatening: Loss of consciousness and/or requiring intervention by administration of intravenous glucose or 
intramuscular glucagon. 
In patients with generalized lipodystrophy receiving MYALEPT in this study, less common adverse reactions included 
injection-site erythema and urticaria (N=2 [4%]). 
Six patients (13%) had 7 adverse reactions of hypoglycemia, 6 of which occurred in the setting of concomitant insulin use, 
with or without oral antihyperglycemic agents. 
Two patients (4%) had events of pancreatitis, both of whom had a medical history of pancreatitis. 
6.2 
Immunogenicity 
As with all therapeutic proteins, there is potential for immunogenicity. Anti-metreleptin antibodies were detected in 84% 
(36/43) of generalized lipodystrophy patients studied in the MYALEPT trials. Total anti-metreleptin antibody titers 
ranged between 1:5 and 1:1,953,125. The incompleteness of the current immunogenicity database precludes 
understanding of the magnitude and persistence of the observed anti-drug antibody responses. Anti-metreleptin antibodies 
with neutralizing activity associated with adverse events consistent with loss of endogenous leptin activity and/or loss of 
MYALEPT efficacy were observed in 6% (2/33) of the patients with generalized lipodystrophy tested. Adverse events 
reported in these two patients included severe infections and worsening of metabolic control (increases in HbA1c and/or 
triglycerides). Test for anti-metreleptin antibodies with neutralizing activity in patients who develop severe infections or 
show signs suspicious for loss of MYALEPT efficacy during treatment. Contact Chiesi Farmaceutici S.p.A. at 1-866-216
1526 for testing of clinical samples. 
The detection of antibody formation is highly dependent on the sensitivity and specificity of the assay. The 
immunogenicity assays utilized in clinical trials lacked sensitivity, resulting in potential underestimation of the number of 
samples positive for anti-metreleptin antibodies with neutralizing activity. Additionally, the observed incidence of 
antibody (including neutralizing antibody) positivity in an assay may be influenced by several factors including assay 
methodology, sample handling, timing of sample collection, concomitant medications, and underlying disease. For these 
reasons, comparison of the incidence of antibodies to metreleptin with the incidence of antibodies to other products may 
be misleading. 
6.3 
Postmarketing Experience 
The following adverse reactions have been identified during post-approval use of MYALEPT. Because these reactions are 
reported voluntarily from a population of uncertain size, it is not always possible to reliably estimate their frequency or 
establish a causal relationship to drug exposure. 
• Incorrect dose administered, accidental overdose [see Dosage and Administration (2.1, 2.3)] 
• Injection site reaction, including inflammation and hyperpigmentation 
7 
DRUG INTERACTIONS 
No formal drug interaction studies were performed. 
Leptin is a cytokine and may have the potential to alter the formation of cytochrome P450 (CYP450) enzymes. This 
should be taken into account when prescribing concomitant drugs metabolized by CYP450 (e.g., oral contraceptives and 
drugs with a narrow therapeutic index). The effect of metreleptin on CYP450 enzymes may be clinically relevant for 
CYP450 substrates with narrow therapeutic index, where the dose is individually adjusted. Upon initiation or 
discontinuation of MYALEPT, in patients being treated with these types of agents, therapeutic monitoring of effect (e.g., 
warfarin) or drug concentration (e.g., cyclosporine or theophylline) should be performed and the individual dose of the 
agent adjusted as needed. 
8 
USE IN SPECIFIC POPULATIONS   
8.1 
Pregnancy  
Pregnancy Exposure Registry 
There is a program that monitors outcomes in women exposed to MYALEPT during pregnancy. Women who become 
pregnant during MYALEPT treatment are encouraged to enroll. Patients or their physicians should call 1-855-669-2537 to 
enroll. 
Risk Summary 
Available pharmacovigilance reports with the use of MYALEPT in pregnant women are insufficient to evaluate for any 
drug-associated risk for major birth defects, miscarriage, or adverse maternal or fetal outcomes. These reports describe 
similar adverse pregnancy outcomes as those documented in women with lipodystrophy (see Clinical Considerations). In 
an animal reproduction study, no adverse developmental effects were observed with subcutaneous administration of 
metreleptin to pregnant mice during organogenesis at doses 7- and 15-fold the maximum recommended clinical dose, 
based on body surface area of a 20- and 60-kg patient, respectively.  In a pre- and postnatal development study in mice, 
subcutaneous administration of metreleptin caused prolonged gestation and dystocia resulting in maternal death during 
parturition and lower survival of offspring in the immediate postnatal period at doses starting approximately at the 
maximum recommended clinical dose (see Data).  
MYALEPT contains benzyl alcohol when reconstituted with BWFI.  MYALEPT contains no preservative when 
reconstituted with WFI. Because benzyl alcohol is rapidly metabolized by a pregnant woman, benzyl alcohol exposure in 
the fetus is unlikely. However, adverse reactions have occurred in premature neonates and low birth weight infants who 
received intravenously administered benzyl alcohol-containing drugs [see Warnings and Precautions (5.7) and Use in 
Specific Populations (8.4)]. Therefore, if therapy with MYALEPT is needed during pregnancy, consider using 
preservative-free WFI when reconstituting [see Dosage and Administration (2.2)].    
The estimated background risk of major birth defects and miscarriage for the indicated population is unknown. In the U.S. 
general population, the estimated background risks of major birth defects and miscarriage in clinically recognized 
pregnancies is 2-4% and 15-20%, respectively. 
Clinical Considerations 
Disease-Associated Maternal and Fetal Risk 
Lipodystrophy in pregnancy can result in an increased rate of gestational diabetes, macrosomia, eclampsia, intrauterine 
growth retardation, intrauterine death, and miscarriage. 
Labor and Delivery 
The effects of MYALEPT on labor and delivery in pregnant women are unknown. In a published in vitro study of human 
myometrial tissue exposed to a recombinant leptin, human uterine contractility was inhibited. In animal studies with 
metreleptin, prolonged gestation and dystocia were observed (see Data). 
Data 
Animal Data 
Metreleptin administered to pregnant mice during the period of organogenesis was not teratogenic at doses ranging 
between 7- and 15-fold the maximum recommended clinical dose, based on body surface area of a 20- and 60-kg patient, 
respectively. 
In a pre- and postnatal development study in mice, metreleptin administered at doses of 3, 10, and 30 mg/kg 
(approximately 1-, 5-, and 15-fold the clinical dose for a 60-kg subject, based on body surface area) from gestation day 6 
to lactation day 21 caused prolonged gestation and dystocia at all doses, starting at approximately the maximum 
recommended clinical dose. Prolonged gestation resulted in the death of some females during parturition and lower 
survival of offspring within the immediate postnatal period. Consistent with metreleptin pharmacology, decreased 
maternal body weight was observed from gestation throughout lactation at all doses and resulted in reduced weight of 
offspring at birth, which persisted into adulthood. However, no developmental abnormalities were observed and 
reproductive performance of the first or second generations was not affected at any dose. 
Placental transfer of metreleptin into the fetus was low (approximately 1%) following subcutaneous dosing. 
8.2 
Lactation 
There are no available data on the presence of metreleptin in human milk; however, endogenous leptin is present in 
human milk. There are no available data on the effects of metreleptin on the breastfed infant or the effects on milk 
production. The developmental and health benefits of breastfeeding should be considered along with the mother’s clinical 
need for MYALEPT and any potential adverse effects on the breastfed child from MYALEPT or from the underlying 
maternal condition. 
8.4 
Pediatric Use 
The MYALEPT study included a total of 35 pediatric patients (73%) with an age range from 1 to 17 years [see Clinical 
Studies (14.1)]. No clinically meaningful differences were observed in the efficacy and safety of MYALEPT between 
pediatric and adult patients. 
MYALEPT contains benzyl alcohol when reconstituted with BWFI. MYALEPT contains no preservative when 
reconstituted with WFI. Preservative-free WFI is recommended for use in neonates and infants. The preservative benzyl 
alcohol has been associated with serious adverse events and death, particularly in pediatric patients. The "gasping 
syndrome" (characterized by central nervous system depression, metabolic acidosis, gasping respirations, and high levels 
of benzyl alcohol and its metabolites found in the blood and urine) has been associated with benzyl alcohol dosages >99 
mg/kg/day in neonates and low-birth weight infants. Additional symptoms may include gradual neurological deterioration, 
seizures, intracranial hemorrhage, hematologic abnormalities, skin breakdown, hepatic and renal failure, hypotension, 
bradycardia, and cardiovascular collapse. 
Although normal therapeutic doses of this product deliver amounts of benzyl alcohol that are substantially lower than 
those reported in association with the "gasping syndrome," the minimum amount of benzyl alcohol at which toxicity may 
occur is not known. Premature and low-birth-weight infants, as well as patients receiving high dosages, may be more 
likely to develop toxicity. Practitioners administering this and other medications containing benzyl alcohol should 
consider the combined daily metabolic load of benzyl alcohol from all sources. When reconstituted with 2.2 mL of BWFI, 
MYALEPT contains 1.76 mg of benzyl alcohol per mg of metreleptin or 9 mg of benzyl alcohol per mL of reconstituted 
product.  
8.5 
Geriatric Use 
Clinical trials of MYALEPT did not include sufficient numbers of subjects aged 65 and over (n=1) to determine whether 
they respond differently from younger subjects. In general, dose selection for an elderly patient should be cautious, 
usually starting at the low end of the dosing range, reflecting the greater frequency of decreased hepatic, renal, or cardiac 
function, and of concomitant disease or other drug therapy. 
10 
OVERDOSAGE 
In one post-marketing case, a dose miscalculation resulted in an infant being exposed to a 10-fold overdose of metreleptin 
for 8 months. In this case, prolonged overdose was associated with severe anorexia causing vitamin and zinc deficiencies, 
iron deficiency anemia, protein calorie malnutrition, and poor weight gain, which resolved following supportive treatment 
and dose adjustment. 
In the event of an overdose, patients should be monitored and appropriate supportive treatment be initiated as dictated by 
the patient’s clinical status. 
11 
DESCRIPTION 
MYALEPT (metreleptin) for injection is a recombinant human leptin analog for injection that binds to and activates the 
leptin receptor. Metreleptin (recombinant methionyl-human leptin) is produced in E. coli and differs from native human 
leptin by the addition of a methionine residue at its amino terminus. Metreleptin is a 147-amino acid, nonglycosylated, 
polypeptide with one disulfide bond between Cys-97 and Cys-147 and a molecular weight of approximately 16.15 kDa. 
MYALEPT is supplied as a sterile, white, solid, lyophilized cake containing 11.3 mg that is reconstituted with 2.2 mL of 
BWFI or WFI to a final formulation of 5 mg/mL metreleptin for subcutaneous injection. Inactive ingredients are: glutamic 
acid (1.47 mg/mL), glycine (20 mg/mL), polysorbate 20 (0.1 mg/mL), and sucrose (10 mg/mL), pH 4.25. 
12 
CLINICAL PHARMACOLOGY 
12.1 Mechanism of Action 
Adipocytes store lipids to meet the fuel requirements of non-adipose tissues during fasting. In patients with generalized 
lipodystrophy, the deficiency of adipose tissue leads to hypertriglyceridemia and ectopic deposition of fat in non-adipose 
tissues such as liver and muscle, contributing to metabolic abnormalities including insulin resistance. Native leptin is a 
hormone predominantly secreted by adipose tissue that informs the central nervous system of the status of energy stores in 
the body. In patients with generalized lipodystrophy, leptin deficiency, resulting from the loss of adipose tissue, 
contributes to excess caloric intake, which exacerbates the metabolic abnormalities. 
MYALEPT (metreleptin) for injection exerts its function by binding to and activating the human leptin receptor (ObR), 
which belongs to the Class I cytokine family of receptors that signals through the JAK/STAT transduction pathway. 
12.2 Pharmacodynamics 
Clinical studies in patients with generalized lipodystrophy suggest that MYALEPT increases insulin sensitivity and 
reduces food intake. Improvements in insulin sensitivity and reductions in food intake are consistent with lower HbA1c, 
fasting glucose, and fasting triglyceride values that were seen in the MYALEPT clinical trial [see Clinical Studies (14)]. 
12.3 Pharmacokinetics 
There are limited data on the pharmacokinetics of metreleptin in patients with generalized lipodystrophy, and therefore, 
no formal exposure-response analysis has been performed. It should be noted that the leptin assay measures both 
endogenous leptin as well as exogenously administered metreleptin. 
Absorption 
Peak serum leptin concentration (Cmax) occurred approximately 4.0 to 4.3 hours after subcutaneous administration of 
single doses ranging from 0.1 to 0.3 mg/kg in healthy subjects. In a supportive trial in lipodystrophy patients, the median 
Tmax of metreleptin was 4 hours (range: 2 to 8 hours; N=5) following single-dose administration of metreleptin. 
Distribution 
In studies of healthy adult subjects, following intravenous administration of metreleptin, leptin volume of distribution was 
approximately 4 to 5 times plasma volume; volumes (Vz) (mean ± SD) were 370 ± 184 mL/kg, 398 ± 92 mL/kg, and 
463 ± 116 mL/kg for 0.3, 1.0, and 3.0 mg/kg/day doses, respectively. 
Metabolism and Elimination  
No formal metabolism studies have been conducted with metreleptin. Nonclinical data indicate renal clearance is the 
major route of metreleptin elimination, with no apparent contribution of systemic metabolism or degradation. Following 
single subcutaneous doses of 0.01 to 0.3 mg/mL metreleptin in healthy subjects, the half-life was 3.8 to 4.7 hours. The 
clearance of metreleptin is expected to be delayed in the presence of leptin antibodies [see Adverse Reactions (6.2)]. 
Drug Interactions 
No drug interaction studies have been conducted in lipodystrophy patients [see Drug Interactions (7)]. 
Specific Populations 
Renal Impairment 
No formal pharmacokinetic studies were conducted in patients with renal impairment. Nonclinical data indicate renal 
clearance is the major route of metreleptin elimination, with no apparent contribution of systemic metabolism or 
degradation. Hence, the pharmacokinetics of metreleptin may be altered in subjects with renal impairment. 
Hepatic Impairment 
No formal pharmacokinetic studies were conducted in patients with hepatic impairment. 
Age, Gender, Race, Body Mass Index 
Specific clinical studies have not been conducted to assess the effect of age, gender, race, or body mass index on the 
pharmacokinetics of metreleptin in patients with generalized lipodystrophy. 
13 
NONCLINICAL TOXICOLOGY 
13.1 Carcinogenesis, Mutagenesis, Impairment of Fertility 
Two-year carcinogenicity studies in rodents have not been conducted with metreleptin. No proliferative or preneoplastic 
lesions were observed in mice or dogs following treatment up to six months. However, leptin is reported in the literature 
to promote cell proliferation in vitro and tumor progression in some mouse models of cancer. 
Metreleptin was not mutagenic in the Ames bacterial mutagenicity assay or clastogenic in an in vitro chromosomal 
aberration assay in Chinese hamster ovary cells and human peripheral blood lymphocytes. Metreleptin was not mutagenic 
or clastogenic in an in vivo mouse micronucleus assay. 
In a fertility study in mice, metreleptin had no adverse effects on mating, fertility, or early embryonic development at 
doses ranging between 7 and 15 times the maximum recommended clinical dose based on body surface area of a 20- and 
60-kg patient, respectively. 
14 
CLINICAL STUDIES 
14.1 Open-Label, Single-Arm Study 
An open-label, single-arm study evaluated MYALEPT treatment in patients with congenital or acquired generalized 
lipodystrophy and diabetes mellitus, hypertriglyceridemia, and/or increased fasting insulin. 
Baseline Disease Characteristics and Demographics 
Of the 48 patients enrolled, 32 (67%) had congenital generalized lipodystrophy and 16 (33%) had acquired generalized 
lipodystrophy. Overall, 36 (75%) patients were female, 22 (46%) were Caucasian, 10 (21%) Hispanic, and 9 (19%) Black. 
The median age at baseline was 15 years (range: 1 - 68 years), with 35 (73%) patients being less than 18 years of age. The 
median fasting leptin concentration at baseline was 0.7 ng/mL in males (range: 0.3 - 3.3 ng/mL) and 1.0 ng/mL in females 
(range: 0.3 - 3.3 ng/mL). 
Treatment Duration and Dosage in the Study 
The median duration of MYALEPT treatment was 2.7 years (range: 3.6 months - 10.9 years). MYALEPT was 
administered subcutaneously either once daily or twice daily (in two equal doses). The weighted average daily dose (i.e., 
the average dose taking into account duration of treatment at different doses) for the 36 patients with baseline body weight 
greater than 40 kg was 2.6 mg for males and 4.6 mg for females during the first year of treatment, and 3.2 mg for males 
and 6.3 mg for females over the entire study period. For the 12 patients with baseline body weight less than 40 kg, the 
weighted average daily dose was 0.06 to 0.11 mg/kg (0.8-4.3 mg) over the entire study period. 
Efficacy Results 
At baseline, 37 (77%) patients had HbA1c values of 7% or greater, 19 (40%) had HbA1c values of 9% or greater, 33 (69%) 
had fasting plasma glucose values of 126 mg/dL or greater, 17 (35%) had fasting triglyceride values of 500 mg/dL or 
greater, and 11 (23%) had fasting triglyceride values of 1000 mg/dL or greater. 
Patients treated with MYALEPT had mean/median reductions in HbA1c, fasting glucose, and triglycerides at 1 year (Table 
4). The changes in HbA1c, fasting glucose, and triglycerides observed at Month 4 were similar to those at 1 year. 
Concomitant antihyperglycemic and lipid-altering medication dosage regimens were not held constant during the study; 
for example, some patients treated with insulin had their dosage increased and others had large reductions or 
discontinuation of insulin. 
Table 4: Results in an Open-Label, Single-Arm Study in Patients with Generalized Lipodystrophy 
Treated with MYALEPT (N=48) 
Parameter 
n Baseline 
Mean (SD) 
Change from Baseline at Month 12 
HbA1c (%) 
Mean (SD) 
35 
8.5 (2) 
Fasting Glucose (mg/dL) 
?2 (1.5) 
37 
174 (85) 
Median (Q1, Q3) 
?49 (75) 
Median Change (Q1, Q3) 
Fasting Triglycerides (mg/dL) 36 
348 (176, 769) 
Median Percent Change (Q1, Q3) 
?184 (?643, ?21) 
?55 (?77, ?20)% 
SD = standard deviation; Q = quartile  
Among 28 patients with generalized lipodystrophy who had a baseline HbA1c 7% or greater and data available at Month 
12, the mean (SD) baseline HbA1c was 9.3 (1.5%) and the mean reduction in HbA1c at Month 12 was 2.4%. 
Among 12 patients with generalized lipodystrophy who had a baseline triglyceride level 500 mg/dL or greater and data 
available at Month 12, the median baseline triglyceride level was 1527 mg/dL and the median reduction in triglycerides at 
Month 12 was 1117 mg/dL. 
16 
HOW SUPPLIED/STORAGE AND HANDLING 
16.1 How Supplied 
• MYALEPT (metreleptin) for injection for subcutaneous administration is supplied in a single carton containing one 
vial for reconstitution (NDC 10122-210-02). 
• Each vial contains 11.3 mg metreleptin (as a sterile, white, solid, lyophilized cake) to deliver 5 mg per mL of 
metreleptin when reconstituted with 2.2 mL of BWFI or WFI. 
16.2 Storage and Handling 
• MYALEPT should be stored in the refrigerator at 36°F to 46°F (2°C to 8°C) and protected from light until preparing 
for use. Keep MYALEPT vials in the carton when not in use. 
• MYALEPT should not be used past the expiration date. 
• Do not freeze MYALEPT. 
• Do not use if the white lyophilized cake is discolored. 
• Use with BWFI: when MYALEPT is reconstituted with BWFI, the vial can be used for multiple doses within 3 days 
when stored in the refrigerator at 36°F to 46°F (2°C to 8°C) and protected from light. 
• Use with WFI: when MYALEPT is reconstituted with WFI, the vial can be used for a single dose should be 
administered immediately. Unused reconstituted solution cannot be saved for later use and should be discarded. 
• After reconstitution, the vials should not be frozen (below 0°C) or shaken vigorously. If the reconstituted product is 
inadvertently frozen, it should be thrown away. 
• After reconstitution, the mixture should be clear and colorless. Do not use if visible particulates are present in the 
solution. 
• Keep out of the reach of children. 
17 
PATIENT COUNSELING INFORMATION 
See FDA-approved Patient Labeling (Medication Guide). 
Risk of Neutralizing Antibodies 
Advise patients that neutralizing antibodies may result in loss in activity of endogenous leptin or loss of efficacy of 
MYALEPT. Advise patients on symptoms or signs that would warrant antibody testing [see Warnings and Precautions 
(5.1)  and Adverse Reactions (6.2)]. 
Risk of Lymphoma 
Advise patients that lymphoma has been reported in patients both treated and not treated with MYALEPT. Advise patients 
on symptoms or signs that indicate changes in hematologic status and the importance of routine laboratory assessments 
and physician monitoring [see Warnings and Precautions (5.2)]. 
Risk of Hypoglycemia 
Advise patients that the risk of hypoglycemia is increased when MYALEPT is used in combination with insulin or an 
insulin secretagogue (e.g., sulfonylurea). Explain the symptoms, treatment, and conditions that predispose to development 
of hypoglycemia to the patient. Advise patients who are taking concomitant insulin, especially those on high doses, or an 
insulin secretagogue, to closely monitor blood glucose. Hypoglycemia management should be reviewed and reinforced 
when initiating MYALEPT therapy, particularly when concomitantly administered with insulin or an insulin secretagogue 
[see Warnings and Precautions (5.4)]. 
Risk of Autoimmune Disease 
Advise patients that worsening of autoimmune disease has been reported during the clinical study of MYALEPT. Advise 
patients with a history of autoimmune disease on symptoms or signs that indicate exacerbation of underlying autoimmune 
disease and the importance of routine laboratory assessments and physician monitoring [see Warnings and Precautions 
(5.5)]. 
Risk of Hypersensitivity Reactions 
Inform patients that hypersensitivity reactions have been reported during use of MYALEPT. If symptoms of 
hypersensitivity reactions occur, patients should seek medical advice [see Warnings and Precautions (5.6)]. 
Instructions 
• Inform patients that each vial of MYALEPT requires reconstitution with BWFI or preservative-free WFI, and 
administration as subcutaneous injection using a syringe and needle. Injections can be given at any time of the day, 
with or without meals. 
• Patients and caregivers should receive proper training in how to prepare and administer the correct dose of 
MYALEPT prior to self-administration. The first dose of MYALEPT should be administered by the patient or 
caregiver under the supervision of a qualified healthcare professional. 
• Advise patients on appropriate syringe for administration, dosing regimen, injection technique, and the importance of 
proper storage of MYALEPT. Care should be taken to avoid intramuscular injection, especially in patients with 
minimal subcutaneous adipose tissue. 
• Advise patients to read the Instructions for Use for complete administration instructions. The MYALEPT Medication 
Guide and Instructions for Use should be reviewed before starting therapy and each time the prescription is refilled. 
• When discontinuing MYALEPT in patients with a history of pancreatitis and/or severe hypertriglyceridemia, instruct 
patients to taper their dose over a one-week period. Advise patients that additional monitoring of triglyceride levels 
and possible initiation or dose adjustment of lipid-lowering medications may be considered [see Dosage and 
Administration (2.5)]. 
Manufactured by: 
Chiesi Farmaceutici S.p.A. 
Via Palermo 26/A, 43122 Parma, Italy 
US License No. 2245 
Manufactured for: 
Chiesi USA, Inc., 
Cary NC, 27518, USA. 
Product of Austria. 